#909: Let CD extension workflow depend on successful PyPi release (#912)
exasol/python-toolbox: doc/changes/unreleased.md

# Unreleased

## Summary

> * Update `cd.yml` workflow so that `cd-extension.yml` workflow depends on `build-and-publish`. This ensures that the custom release workflow only runs when the PyPi release was successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bugfix

* #912: Updated `cd.yml` workflow so that `cd-extension.yml` workflow depends on `build-and-publish`. This ensures that the custom release workflow only runs when the PyPi release was successful.
```

# Unreleased

## Summary

## Bug

> * #909: Update `cd.yml` workflow so that `cd-extension.yml` workflow depends on `build-and-publish`. This ensures that the custom release workflow only runs when the PyPi release was successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #909: Updated `cd.yml` workflow so that `cd-extension.yml` workflow depends on `build-and-publish`. This ensures that the custom release workflow only runs when the PyPi release was successful.
```
